                                                                BACHELOR THESES



Write an application for the management of bachelor theses in the faculty, as follows:

	1. The information about all the teachers is in a text file. Each teacher has a unique name. 
  This file is manually created and it is read when the application starts.

	2. Another file contains information about the students. Each student has an id(string), 
  a name, an email, the year he/she has to finalise his/her bachelor thesis, a bachelor 
  thesis title (for students who have not yet chosen a title, the default value will be “No title”) 
  and a coordinator - the name of the coordinating teacher (for students with no 	coordinator the 
  default value will be “”).

	3. When the application is launched, a new window is created for each teacher, having as title the 
  teacher’s name. The window will show a list with all the students coordinated 	by the teacher, 
  string with students who have to defend their thesis int the current year and then all the others, 
  sorted descending by year. (1.5p)

	4. Any teacher can search for a student, by name or by id (search for substring). Another list will 
  show all matching students, with all their data. This list is updated as the teacher types the search string. (1p)
	The teacher can select a student from the resulted list and add himself/herself as a coordinator. 
  The student will be added to the teacher’s list of coordinated students. (1p)

	5. A teacher can edit their coordinated students’ data. A new window will open, showing all the 
  student information. Only two attributes can be edited: the email and the thesis title. 
	After the modifications are made, the teacher can SAVE or CANCEL. If the modifications are saved, 
  the list of students coordinated by the teacher will be updated accordingly. (1.5p)

	6. Another window will show visual statistic (pie chart, histogram, proportional circles/rectangles) 
  about the number of students each teacher coordinates, including the students without a coordinator. (1p)

	7. When a modification is made by any teacher, all other teachers will automatically see the 
  modifications (in both the coordinated students and the search students lists). 
	The statistics window will also be updated. (2p)
